♪♪♪
(roaring)
Oh!
I lost again.
One more duel!
Let's go!
(Yuto)
The people of Heartland
lived in peace...
'til the day
Duel Academy struck!
(panicked shouting)
They invaded from the Fusion
Dimension without warning,
(explosion)
an invasion masterminded
by the Professor,
leader of Duel Academy.
He sent wave after wave of
combat machines against us,
and legions of his fanatical
Fusion Warriors, Obelisk Force,
to turn us all into cards!
My dimension didn't
stand a chance
against Duel Academy's
onslaught.
On the day Heartland City fell,
we lost family, friends,
everything...
But I'll keep fighting
and make Duel Academy pay
for what they did to my home.
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(beeping)
(sighs)
No luck reaching
Zuzu, huh?
Nope.
Gong thinks we'd have a better
chance finding a tropical oasis
than gettin' interdimensional
cell service.
You're right!
Ah! Last one in's
a rotten banana!
(Yuya)
Wait!
(excited laughter)
Oh, boy...
So cool and refreshing!
Too bad I didn't
bring my snorkel!
Water.
It's just...
so wet.
All this water talk isn't
helping Gong's thirst!
Huh?
Water!
Now drop it
or I'll drop you.
But it's...
Right there!
(Yuya)
Hey!
Hello there!
Care to share?
We're awfully thirsty!
What's wrong?
Guys, how 'bout a quick
snack to lighten the load?
You only volunteered
to carry the grub
to get your mitts
on that meal.
Gong shoulda known.
I don't think gobbling
up someone else's eats
is the best way to make
a good first impression
to the folks
in this dimension.
She needs that food.
But...
So do I!
(stomach growling)
(man)
No!
Don't do it!
I'm begging you!
I'll give you
anything you ask!
(trilling sound)
(all gasping)
No way!
He turned him into a card!
The Professor's responsible
for all this destruction.
He has to be stopped.
(girl)
They're going
to find us.
I don't wanna
be turned into a card!
(woman)
Shh!
Be quiet!
But Mom...
They'll hear you!
No!
Stay back!
I beg you!
Spare my children!
It's okay.
You just left in such
a hurry that you forgot
to take your stuff
with you.
So we're returning it.
Here you go.
Just take it!
It's all yours!
Please, just leave us be.
You got it wrong.
We just came here to give you
your food and water back.
And thanks to me,
we didn't drink a drop
or sneak a snack.
Here...
No, come back!
Get back here!
Leave him!
Ta‐da!
(scarfing)
(moaning)
You quit ogling
that food like a hungry pup!
Those peepers need to be on
the look out for the enemy.
Thank you.
I'm sorry I mistook you
for those invaders.
But who are you?
What are you doing here?
We're looking for
a friend of ours.
Her name
is Zuzu Boyle.
She has blue eyes
and pink hair,
and a bracelet
on her right wrist.
Seen anyone fitting
that profile?
No.
And if she was here,
she's probably
been turned
into a card by now.
There's not many of us left.
But... how can that be?
I thought that the Resistance
was holding their own against
the warriors of Duel Academy.
Not anymore.
(man)
Someone stop them!
(crowd yelling)
Help me!
Dimensions?
What's your master plan?
(groans)
Our universe has been split
into four dimensions:
Fusion, Xyz, Synchro and
Standard all exist separately.
But Duel Academy will
bring them all together...
that is the will
of the Professor!
No, never!
I'll turn you
all into cards!
We can't.
It's payback!
Start down that road
and we'll become like them.
So what?
Acting like savages won't save
anyone or bring about peace.
(thumping)
(Shay)
The Resistance
has been wiped out.
All of them!
I can't remember the last time
we saw a Resistance fighter.
In fact, I don't think
any of them made it.
Even my dear husband.
He...
He was turned into a card!
Dueling has brought nothing
but suffering to this world!
(Gong)
Keep away from that can
of sardines!
But Gong...
The food's calling me over!
Well, tell it you're
too busy right now!
Can't I please
have one crumb?
Just an itty bitty bite.
I'm famished!
Tough it out!
You don't
hear me groaning!
(stomach growling)
But your stomach sure is!
What?
Clean them ears out, kid.
You're hearing things.
Gong's stomach don't growl!
(growling)
Oh.
(giggling)
(laughing)
Care for a bite?
Really?
Six targets found
and soon to be acquired.
Don't think so!
Ah!
Our new friends wanna play!
(man 1)
Excellent.
I can't wait to see them
squirm and beg for mercy!
(man 2)
Yeah, the begging's
the best part!
You guys have a lot to learn.
And we three are gonna teach you
a lesson you'll never forget!
Let's duel!
(device)
Generating Action Field
Crossover.
I want you to stay back here
where it's safe.
All right, I'm up!
I've never seen Duel Disks
like those before
So that means they're
not the Resistance.
No we're not,
we're Lancers.
You're Lancers?
Yeah...
(Declan)
Like legendary knights,
those who will stand
on the front lines
are modern‐day warriors.
And like those honorable,
ancient heroes, these Lancers
will meet their enemies
and defeat them!
(cheering)
We swore we would stop Duel
Academy from wreaking havoc...
and prove how wrong
the Professor's
inter‐dimensional war is.
No chance.
Not happening.
You might think we're
just following
the Professor's orders.
But we'd carry out his plan even
if he didn't order us to
because we believe
in his project!
Yeah, it's a mindblower
he calls the ARC Project.
It'll merge all four dimensions
into a single, perfect world!
A perfect world?
Sounds fishy.
And smells it, too.
I like my dimension
exactly the way it is.
So you better
back off, bub.
What you're doing is wrong,
can't you see that?
If you knew our story, I think
you'd see that Duel Academy's
mission is hurting people...
Real change comes from making
people happy, not hurting them!
When we arrived
in the Synchro Dimension,
we didn't know what
to expect,
but thanks to a good friend
we got the lowdown,
and boy was it low.
You see, the city
was divided in two.
Topsiders lived in luxury
and had everything they could
possibly need,
while the Commons were forced
to live in their shadows,
struggling to survive.
If you tried to fight back,
you risked Sector Security
coming after you.
They were the meanest
of the mean
and didn't mind
playing favorites.
We saw firsthand how Sector
Security made life easy
for the Topsiders, and
everything but for the Commons.
And that's cause they were
controlled by a snake named
Roget who had slithered his way
into power and was secretly
planning to take over
the entire city.
He planned to use the cover
of a duel tournament
to make that happen.
Roget knew the winner would
become the city's new hero‐‐
so he used every
dirty trick in the book
to make sure the outcome
of the tournament
would tilt
his way no matter what.
In Synchro,
they Turbo Duel!
It was super entertaining,
and super fun.
Every round was filled
with excitement and danger,
especially with Roget's henchman
trying to take down
my friends and me!
But I wasn't gonna
let that stop me!
I made it loud and clear to
everyone watching that dueling
should pull Topsiders
and Commons together
and heal New Domino City...
But not all my friends
agreed with me.
That's why I'm fighting
to change this rotten
society once and for all!
I'm tired of being treated like
an animal by this stinking mess
they call a city!
(nervous groan)
I've had enough.
I'm going to force
them to change!
I'm going to lead the Commons
in a rebellion to take the power
that's rightfully ours and
overthrow the Topsiders!
(Yuya)
But Shinji didn't realize
he was playing
right into Roget's hands.
The Commons and Topsiders
were just pawns in his game.
He wanted the city
to fall into chaos.
Then he could
step in and seize control!
It looked like Roget
was gonna succeed.
Before the final duel began,
a massive protest broke out!
Let's move out!
(Yuya)
New Domino City
was falling into chaos...
Attention,
people of New Domino!
The chaos you are witnessing
in our fine city is proof
that the High Council
has failed you,
and failed
to maintain the peace.
But have no fear,
as there is one person
who has never
failedyou...
me.
Therefore, I have taken it
upon myself
with the humblest of humbles
to be the new leader
of New Domino City.
(gasps)
That rat snake!
To ensure order, I have no
choice but to assume
full authorityover this city
and its government.
And as your new leader, I
think it would be in your
best
interests to declare a full
lockdown of the city.
(Yuya)
That's when Zuzu crashed in and
tried to set everyone straight!
He's lying!
He's using the chaos
so he can take over the city!
But people, both Commons and
Topsiders, you can't let him!
The City belongs to you!
So you gotta
work together...
Zuzu!
'Cause when you're all united,
you can create a city
where everybody is happy!
A city you could be proud of.
If you're not one ‐ you're done!
Yuya, if you can hear me,
you have to convince them
to stop fighting
with each other.
I know you can do it.
I think that's
why we here.
Not only to save our own
dimension but to bring peace
to all dimensions!
To show that dueltaining
is the way to achieve it!
Dueltain your way
into their hearts!
(Roget)
That's enough!
Zuzu!
(Yuya)
Just then, an urgent message
arrived from the reigning
Duel King, Jack Atlas.
He challenged me to come face
him in the Friendship Cup final.
Jack wanted me to go bold
and show the whole city
what dueling meant to me.
I want to know if you
have what it takes.
Yuya!
Are you going to show how
a real dueltainer duels?
Or let stage fright keep you
pacing behind the scenes?
The choice is yours!
Jack wanted me to duel the only
way I knew how, by having fun.
And that's what
I learned to do,
and that's what
I'm gonna do now!
(Shay)
The scenery
hasn't changed much
since the last time
I was here.
(panting)
I already told you everything
I already know!
Please!
Let me go!
Declan Akaba...
Are you sure that's the name
of the Professor's son?
Yes, I'm sure!
And that's everything,
I promise!
Guess I'll go
pay him a visit.
Cool, you do that.
We're good now right?
No, don't!
Your despicable father
has Lulu and I'll do anything
and everything
to get her back.
If you want to battle,
I have no objection to doing so.
But I have one condition.
And what's that?
If you do exactly what I ask
and if you do it successfully,
then I'll agree
to be your opponent.
(Shay)
Deciding to team up with Declan
gave me the best chance
to save Lulu.
I just hope I was right...
Once I realized
I was gonna duel for fun
no matter what the stakes,
my one‐time enemies changed
ways and joined my side.
And it wasn't only Shay.
Barrett...
That's not me anymore.
I've learned too much...
Far too much about Duel Academy.
The Professor is a destructive
maniac with a mad dream,
and I won't be part
of his scheme!
I know that she would do
anything for me so I'm gonna do
anything and everything
in my power to keep Zuzu
out of their hands.
After first battling us,
two members of Duel Academy
joined our team.
Our adventures together taught
us that when you duel
with all your heart,
you can bring people together
and change the world
for the better,
just like my duel with Jack
changed New Domino City!
(laughing)
Very clever!
You used your moves to send
a message to the whole city!
None of those four monsters were
especially strong by themselves,
but by working together
they made a huge impact!
That's just what'll happen
in New Domino
if people pull together!
You've proven yourself
a worthy adversary,
but you still have to
prove you can beat me!
Don't you see?
Change comes from
making people happy.
They changed
and you all can too.
The only things that are gonna
be changing here
is you three into cards!
(man)
The only things that
are gonna be changing here
is you three into cards!
(Yuya)
All right then!
Swing far Pendulum!
And carve the
arc of victory!
(all)
Our monsters are ready...
... to swing into action!
(yelling)
(grunting)
(screaming)
So cool!
Those creeps aren't
gonna bother us anymore!
Maybe...
I was wrong about dueling.
(Yuya)
My duel with Jack really was
a new start for New Domino City,
but I still can't believe Roget
wanted to destroy the city
if it couldn't be his!
(Roget)
You think your all safe!?
That you've
defeated me and won?
I hope that you don't
scare easily...
Some of these dimensions
can be quite horrific.
And this is checkmate!
I'm clearing the board.
Bon voyage, Yuya!
You lose!
(Yuya)
Roget was crazy, and if he was
trained by the Professor,
I can only imagine
what he'll be like.
(Roget laughing)
I've really outdone myself.
This is an incomparable
end game!
(Yuya)
I still wish I could have
gotten through to Roget.
But there was no talking
sense to him in the end.
It was all chaos.
You saved me.
Hang on!
(explosion)
When Roget's interdimensional
transporter was fully
operational I didn't know
what was gonna happen.
I was so afraid my friends
would get hurt
and that I'd never see
them again.
The poor people of the City must
have been so scared,
'cause I knew I sure was.
(laughing)
It's time,
time for you all to fall!
You're all going into the void,
to disappear, forever!
(laughing)
(Yuya)
I really thought
we were all done for.
That Roget was going
to send us all away.
All I could do was hope
for a miracle, and it happened.
When Roget's plan backfired
and set him away
I knew that I could
never give up hope
that things can always
swing my way, our way!
But little did I know how
short that moment would last.
The hole's closed up!
And we're all
in one piece.
Are we...
safe now?
We are.
Everything's gonna
be okay, Zuzu.
I promise.
'Cause you're back
with your friends.
And Roget won't
bother us anymore.
So let's win this war
and go home.
Yuya...
I'm glad you're all right.
(alarm beeping)
What the‐‐
Yuya, what's happening now?
Not sure, but it looks like
the dimensional transporter
is rebooting again!
Zuzu!
Yuya!
(screaming)
(Gong grunts)
Don't let go!
(Yuya)
I may have you lost you, Zuzu,
but I won't stop until
I find you again!
And I'll do it with
the help of my friends!
(screaming)
(trilling sound)
All righty!
It's time to give you losers
a piece of your own medicine
and turn you three
into cards.
Hold on!
How does this
Duel Disk work?
We can't turn
them into cards!
We have to, Yuya!
If not, they'll call
for reinforcements!
Even so, we can't duel down
to their level!
You know that!
Come on!
Just as I thought!
(explosion)
What was that?
Looks like this
is my lucky day.
I love it when
the prey comes to me.